Managing today's complex hybrid networks requires new tools notepad a revolutionary new feature of solar
winds network performance monitor is transforming the way administrators visualize and troubleshoot
their networks using advanced traffic simulation.
NET path continuously discovers and analyzes a dynamic network path.
See from source to destination and all the hops in between.
Here's an example path to google.com with traffic originating on our network routed to the ISP through
Google's internal network and finally to the destination server path also collects detail performance
metrics for each network node and link making it easy to spot bottlenecks.
In this example our router has three incoming links but only one is experiencing increased latency by
correlating real transit impact with comprehensive performance metrics.
NET path that immediately identifies the root cause of the problem.
In this instance it's high interface utilization.
Look inside the cloud and troubleshoot with unprecedented visibility follow Hopp by Hopp Internet pass
including all provider interlinks which deliver service for the first time.
You can inspect carrier networks and assist your ISP helpdesk.
This allows you to address issues with precise actionable information about the problem in their network
analyze past performance problems with net path.
You can travel back in time to compare routing changes and diagnose what was happening.
Visualize in complete network path is finally easy.
Specify a source a destination add branch offices and configure your most important services diagnos
service issues from sales for stock exchange or any other TZP service in just a few minutes.
Pinpoint network problems and solve them faster with the breakthrough capabilities of MANPAD.